---
layout: post
title:  "Update"
date:   2024-03-07 15:18:00 -0500
tags: Blog-Update Site-Update Personal-Life
---

Hey there all zero people that read my blog, I finally got around to customizing the site's layout and visuals.

Is it still bare-bones?  Yep, but at least there are more colors than black, white, and grey.  Anyway, I stopped working on this, because I was playing Persona 3 Reload last month.  (Btw, it's a good remake.  I don't care that they didn't have the additional content the re-releases had.  It's high quality to my standards.)  I might've also been procrastinating these changes and posting... but that doesn't matter now.  I will try to actually start posting as well as add stuff to the site to make it a better user experience. 

I want to add a page where you can sort my blog posts by tags, but I have no real posts yet (don't talk about how it has been 2 months since I've built this) and I think I should post some actual meaningful posts before I do anything.

I really wanted to get super philosophical in this blog, but whenever I try to write about stuff that comes to mind, my brain scrambles.  I wish I could write about that stuff still, but I might start with less serious topics like video games and stuff to build up to deeper topics.

That's all the news I have for now.  I'll hopefully post something within the next week at the latest.  Have a good day.

Oh, who's that in the bottom-right corner?  It's Naoto Shirogane from Persona 4.  I drew her while I was gone.